today
ana
eh
male
4 points in front of your head
The first of the turf 1600 m 18 houses classic
Sakurai is doing very well
I bet Hasso point
This idea is colored while celebrating the petal
Last gate in
It is the cool firefly of number 18
The 75th Annual Cherry Blossom Award g 15 Grand Prize Final Gate
Started
Now's a flash dispute first 9 minutes of the No. 2 of the magazine from the house Express is about to go
moon express knot formal and tosen lak and sweet
Soil went up from entering the Sword is went up before Let's Go quinone
Winning Dark or Ahead, Contessa and Selling are part of the 10th Earth Rise Act from inside and outside
Attached l day or say and Pal dinner to
7 of them that has been attached to the outside Me First by There are Tendari voice of the bib number 14
It will be the turn and the person will wear a rouge bat
Queens ring contains cited five wins low dating to is but smooth stop from the outside and the name
No. 15 of the heart of love went up a position brought to harvest
After that, I did 2 times of the 9th & 3 corner curve remaining 1000 meters .
And that's the cat
It's fine and the highest peak is a little set on the 18th cool fire talvi
Come on each horse takes a mid- value form in 34 corners
The choice of pasting is 0 lead donki 0 convenience donki 1 horse and half lead
The second formal knot formal is attached. It is four corners from now on Earth is from the outside
The rise went up in Masure trying to throw its hat into second place from third place is Rodeto
Low
Minute that I put a number on the bib is from them that went to major up any position
is x
Eighth corner
I'm going from the card to the straight line configuration and still rouge back is still backward rouge
The back is the back Now it 's a wilderness before
Took the Umami and lead are another issue Tsukihanashi's another Bodoggu battle's Donkey battle
23 fastest dispute the earth rise is position to spit between is spreading in a row
Up and it does not match coming when the June press in Echizen now section tattoo from the house to come up insects
A lot of voices , and from the outside, it 's a nutshell of naara but it stretches its legs
I'm going to extend the trignal foot, but the battle is another Gordon killsong Donki
The second issue No. 7 pack of ice
3rd battle big battle
One win I did is Let's Gordonki
The 10 is over and the end is the solution to push off the following
[musics]
Hmm
me
hoop
U U U U 2
[musics]